
日本語はもう死んでいるのか。
我が祖先がおっしゃっていた美しい言語は何処へ行ったのか。

万物流転。進化と変革はこの世の中を支配する事であり、移り変わりのように言語も進化する。但し、この移行は平和裏に行わなければならぬ。この時代で変化されている日本語には和がない。
どの言語にも外来語があるが、それには問題がありません。だが、無用な必要の無い外来語を取り入れる為に、自分の言語の数世紀に渡って作られた豊かな語彙を犠牲するべきではない。

我が使命は下記のとおりである：

ー　外来語仕方がないときのみ使い、和語の使用を励ます/和語を広める。
ー　我が言語を富ます（？）為に、新たな和語を作る。想像力の高い日本人には難しくないと思われている。
ー　国際的に使われているのほどに基づいて必要のある外来語を表する。
ー　必要の無いと評価された外来語を日本語辞書から取り抜く。
ー　片仮名は外来語を書くのみ使う。つまり、日本語ではない言葉を示す為に、洋文字を使う。*

*　我々はそうしないと未来的に必要のない外来語が増えると予想しておる。例えば、「ビュー」等を書くの場合「view」で書く。

免責：この協会とこの檄文には背政治的な関係はありません。日本語擁護協会は日本語を擁護すると日本語を守る為の文化的な協会しか御座いません。


日本に在住している外国の方、外国語などを差別するつもりは全く御座いません。それどころか、全ての人種、性別、宗教の方の意見は大歓迎で御座います。

Is the Japanese lanaguage dying?
What happened to the beautiful language that our fathers and the fathers of our fathers used to speak and write? 
Everything eveolves, and rightly so. Evolution and constant change are what drives our universe. Everything is dynamic, and has the seasons change so do languages.
However, such changes must be harmonius yet I fail to see any trace of "和" in the way the Japanese language has been mutilated in the past decades. Every language has a set of loan words, 
this is probably inevitable given the times we live in and there is nothing wrong with that. However, one must not sacrifice a beautiful and rich vocabulary that has been built over centuries 
over shallow replacements for which there is no real need. 

With this manifesto we propose the following:

- Limit the use of loan words to when strictly needed promoting the use of traditional Japanese words.
- Try to enrich the our language by creating Japanese words to replace loan words.
- Come up with a list of acceptable loanwords, according to how much such words are indeed used internationally (that is, how many other languages agreed to use such a loan).
- Remove loan words that will be considered as not necessary from the vocabulary.
- Start using katakana only for loan words, that is, words considered part of the Japanese language. Use wesetern alphabet in the other cases.*

* We believe that over the years the excessive use of katakana for words that are not and not meant to be part of the Japanese language (e.g. view -> ビュー) will lead to an increase of loan words.
Disclaimer: this association and this text are meant not to have and never will have any political association. This is a cultural association for the protection and preservation of the Japanese language.
It does not mean in any way to discriminate foreign residents in Japan, foreign languages, nado. On the contrary, we very much welcome opinions and members from any race, gender, and religion who wish to support
our cause.

